Docker/README.md, before:

# Dockerfile for T-Bears Service

This document contains brief guidance on building T-Bears Docker image and running T-Bears Docker Container.

## Requirements
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/)

## Base Docker Image

* ubuntu:18.04

## Build T-Bears Docker image

```
$ make build
```

or

```
$ docker build -t tbears .
...
Successfully built 5db49a760f69
Successfully tagged tbears:latest
```

## Usage

### Run T-Bears Server

```
$ make run
```

or

```
$ docker run -it --name tbears-container -p 9000:9000 tbears
 * Starting RabbitMQ Messaging Server rabbitmq-server                         [ OK ]
Made tbears_cli_config.json, tbears_server_config.json, keystore_test1 successfully
Started tbears service successfully
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears#
```

This will start the T-Bears container, named tbears-container, that is listening on port 9000 for incoming requests.

If you want T-Bears container to listen on other port, run the following command.

```
$ docker run -it -p ${LISTEN_PORT}:9000 tbears
```

### Test with T-Bears Client

#### In T-Bears container
In same terminal, run the following T-Bears CLI command to see if the T-Bears service work correctly.
```bash
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# tbears totalsupply
Total supply of ICX in hex: 0x2961fff8ca4a62327800000
Total supply of ICX in decimal: 800460000000000000000000000
```
You can exit the T-Bears container with 'exit' command.

If you want to test with T-Bears again, start T-Bears container and attach it.

```bash
$ docker container start tbears-container
tbears-container
$ docker container attach tbears-container
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears#
```

#### In host
From another terminal, run the following T-Bears CLI command to see if it could be correctly connected to the T-Bears service.

If you modified the listening port of T-Bears container, run T-Bears CLI command with -u option.

```bash
$ tbears totalsupply
Total supply of ICX in hex: 0x2961fff8ca4a62327800000
Total supply of ICX in decimal: 800460000000000000000000000
```
Note that you don't need to install RabbitMQ package on the host system in this configuration. Just need to install T-bears package for issuing some CLI commands.

## Block, SCORE and log data
All data generated by and used by T-Bears container is persisted in a Docker volume.

You can identify Docker volume used by T-Bears container with following command.

```bash
$ docker inspect --format '{{ range .Mounts }}{{ .Name }} {{ end }}' tbears-container
6e6de414ee41ae2229ab0ef38f81f08e7dac8abbbdc8ca9ad6777b6b66da8296
```
If you want to use host file system, mount host directory into the container when run T-Bears container.
```bash
$ docker run -it --name tbears-container -v $MOUNT_PATH:/tbears -p 9000:9000 tbears
```

## Install T-Bears in Docker container
You can install T-Bears which you want in Docker container via pip3. Select T-Bears package from PYPI or GitHub.
```bash
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# pip3 show tbears
ame: tbears
Version: 1.0.5
Summary: Test suite for ICON SCORE development
Home-page: https://github.com/icon-project/t-bears
Author: ICON Foundation
Author-email: foo@icon.foundation
License: Apache License 2.0
Location: /usr/local/lib/python3.6/dist-packages
Requires: secp256k1, iconcommons, eth-keyfile, iconrpcserver, plyvel, earlgrey, sanic, requests, ipython, iconservice
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# pip3 install --force-reinstall tbears==1.0.4
Collecting tbears==1.0.4
  Downloading https://files.pythonhosted.org/packages/88/b0/4f6a775e6a9ddee3f0e66fb34b8a0caf842cd5e078dccc87daeb5b13652a/tbears-1.0.4-py3-none-any.whl (69kB)
    100% |████████████████████████████████| 71kB 366kB/s
...
Installing collected packages: tbears
  Found existing installation: tbears 1.0.5
    Uninstalling tbears-1.0.5:
      Successfully uninstalled tbears-1.0.5
Successfully installed tbears-1.0.4
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# pip3 show tbears
Name: tbears
Version: 1.0.4
...

root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# pip3 install --force-reinstall git+https://github.com/icon-project/t-bears.git@develop
Collecting git+https://github.com/icon-project/t-bears.git@develop
  Cloning https://github.com/icon-project/t-bears.git (to develop) to /tmp/pip-d3gbwk52-build
...
Installing collected packages: tbears
  Found existing installation: tbears 1.0.4
    Uninstalling tbears-1.0.4:
      Successfully uninstalled tbears-1.0.4
  Running setup.py install for tbears ... done
Successfully installed tbears-1.0.5
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# pip3 show tbears
Name: tbears
Version: 1.0.5
...

root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears#
```

Commit message:

Apply feedback (#127)  - Remove sanic package from dependencies  - Add makefile target build_dev for building Docker image from developing branch  - Replace 'apt autoremove' with 'apt-get autoremove' in Dockerfile

Docker/README.md, after:

# Dockerfile for T-Bears Service

This document contains brief guidance on building T-Bears Docker image and running T-Bears Docker Container.

## Requirements
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/)

## Base Docker Image

* ubuntu:18.04

## Build T-Bears Docker image
```
$ make build
```

or

```
$ docker build -t tbears .
...
Successfully built 5db49a760f69
Successfully tagged tbears:latest
```
Note that you don't need to build Docker image. You can use the T-Bears Docker image on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/iconloop/tbears).

## Usage

### Run T-Bears Docker container

```
$ make run
```

or

```
$ docker run -it --name tbears-container -p 9000:9000 iconloop/tbears
 * Starting RabbitMQ Messaging Server rabbitmq-server                         [ OK ]
Made tbears_cli_config.json, tbears_server_config.json, keystore_test1 successfully
Started tbears service successfully
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears#
```

This will start the T-Bears container, named tbears-container, that is listening on port 9000 for incoming requests.

If you want T-Bears container to listen on other port, run the following command.

```
$ docker run -it -p ${LISTEN_PORT}:9000 iconloop/tbears
```

### Test with T-Bears Docker container

#### In T-Bears Docker container
In same terminal, run the following T-Bears CLI command to see if the T-Bears service work correctly.
```bash
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# tbears totalsupply
Total supply of ICX in hex: 0x2961fff8ca4a62327800000
Total supply of ICX in decimal: 800460000000000000000000000
```
You can exit the T-Bears container with 'exit' command.

If you want to test with T-Bears again, start T-Bears container and attach it.

```bash
$ docker container start tbears-container
tbears-container
$ docker container attach tbears-container
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears#
```

#### In host
From another terminal, run the following T-Bears CLI command to see if it could be correctly connected to the T-Bears service.

If you modified the listening port of T-Bears container, run T-Bears CLI command with -u option.

```bash
$ tbears totalsupply
Total supply of ICX in hex: 0x2961fff8ca4a62327800000
Total supply of ICX in decimal: 800460000000000000000000000
```
Note that you don't need to install RabbitMQ package on the host system in this configuration. Just need to install T-bears package for issuing some CLI commands.

## Block, SCORE and log data
All data generated by and used by T-Bears container is persisted in a Docker volume.

You can identify Docker volume used by T-Bears container with following command.

```bash
$ docker inspect --format '{{ range .Mounts }}{{ .Name }} {{ end }}' tbears-container
6e6de414ee41ae2229ab0ef38f81f08e7dac8abbbdc8ca9ad6777b6b66da8296
```
If you want to use host file system, mount host directory into the container when run T-Bears container.
```bash
$ docker run -it --name tbears-container -v $MOUNT_PATH:/tbears -p 9000:9000 iconloop/tbears
```

## Install T-Bears in Docker container
You can install T-Bears which you want in Docker container via pip3. Select T-Bears package from PYPI or GitHub.
```bash
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# pip3 show tbears
ame: tbears
Version: 1.0.5
Summary: Test suite for ICON SCORE development
Home-page: https://github.com/icon-project/t-bears
Author: ICON Foundation
Author-email: foo@icon.foundation
License: Apache License 2.0
Location: /usr/local/lib/python3.6/dist-packages
Requires: secp256k1, iconcommons, eth-keyfile, iconrpcserver, plyvel, earlgrey, sanic, requests, ipython, iconservice
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# pip3 install --force-reinstall tbears==1.0.4
Collecting tbears==1.0.4
  Downloading https://files.pythonhosted.org/packages/88/b0/4f6a775e6a9ddee3f0e66fb34b8a0caf842cd5e078dccc87daeb5b13652a/tbears-1.0.4-py3-none-any.whl (69kB)
    100% |████████████████████████████████| 71kB 366kB/s
...
Installing collected packages: tbears
  Found existing installation: tbears 1.0.5
    Uninstalling tbears-1.0.5:
      Successfully uninstalled tbears-1.0.5
Successfully installed tbears-1.0.4
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# pip3 show tbears
Name: tbears
Version: 1.0.4
...

root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# pip3 install --force-reinstall git+https://github.com/icon-project/t-bears.git@develop
Collecting git+https://github.com/icon-project/t-bears.git@develop
  Cloning https://github.com/icon-project/t-bears.git (to develop) to /tmp/pip-d3gbwk52-build
...
Installing collected packages: tbears
  Found existing installation: tbears 1.0.4
    Uninstalling tbears-1.0.4:
      Successfully uninstalled tbears-1.0.4
  Running setup.py install for tbears ... done
Successfully installed tbears-1.0.5
root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears# pip3 show tbears
Name: tbears
Version: 1.0.5
...

root@c5a44cefb2dc:/tbears#
```
